:sparkles: add utility to create git issues on provider repo (#9110)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/release/release-tasks.md

* Packet: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-packet/issues/new
* vSphere: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-vsphere/issues/new

> To update the Cluster API providers use ["provider_issues.go"](../../hack/tools/internal/update_providers/provider_issues.go), go utility to create git issues at the provider repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create GitHub issues at the Cluster API providers repositories and inform about a new minor beta release, use ["provider_issues.go"](../../hack/tools/internal/update_providers/provider_issues.go) go utility.
```

Author: addressed via 756bcb44a70938a7b18f14951bf99c1658880640

* Packet: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-packet/issues/new
* vSphere: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-vsphere/issues/new

To create GitHub issues at the Cluster API providers repositories and inform about a new minor beta release, use ["provider_issues.go"](../../hack/tools/release/internal/update_providers/provider_issues.go) go utility.
- Ensure that the [provider repos pre-requisites](../../hack/tools/release/internal/update_providers/README.md#pre-requisites) are completed.

> - From the root of this repository, run `make provider-repos` to create git issues at the provider repositories.

Reviewer 2: Let's update this when we update the targert.

Author: Acknowledged
